so this is Catherine's challenge I need
to make some sushi for her before heaven
dershlit well I think we should have a
go eat right though no of course very
practical sense eat the clean filaments
but we're going to use it right okay and
we're making a roll here what are they
called neatly rolls for Maki rolls or
smacking us for just thing like shagreen
or something it's lit beautiful these
were toasted seaweed this is this very
sticky sushi rice that has sat in a bit
of rice vinegar no I think should you
say I think well you're just have you
done this yourself now no config you
want to spread that rice over you're
right as always it orange bit I'm a
little isn't that yeah so we need to cut
very slim slender pieces of fish which
we then lay into a sort of sandwich of
it no I think we just need one because
it's just a sort of a little orange
thing in the middle isn't that like a
sort of spiral then we need to make sure
that it sort of goes all the way along
don't know because I think the orange
bits always in the middle isn't it sushi
you ate and didn't it have a little core
of stuff in the middle yes I can't even
work it out now where's that going a
little too I think is it like a sort of
roulade it's like a like this anywhere
in particular just in the middle
oh you're going that way yeah I'll
probably add I have to say anybody
watching you home wouldn't have followed
at all what's happened so far
no it's cooking stretched you'll be
thinking what wait what are they done
nothing you take the whole man do you
think so yeah but I hate maybe Japanese
is watching this yeah I know
and all the better and my daughter
darling you would want something
annoyingly fiddly wouldn't you you know
what the bit of froth this isn't you on
that
I'm mu I come I've ended up with a huge
roulade oh yeah an enormous one we're
are too much rice actually shortly
Oh oh that's fantastic
I'm good oh well let here we go where's
your conveyor belt real skill is in
knowing when your fish is ultra fresh
it's gonna be absolutely spanking flesh
because a bit manky and you wouldn't
really want to be dead right everything
here a bit of sushi yes thank you very
much nearly it is sushi recognization
she first attempt hmm well there's
definitely more of a kick of salmon in
that whereas I think in the one we've
made we've slightly over we've started
ended up with a bigger more masculine
sausage now that looks more like a Maki
roll I'll have to nip you didn't roulade
yours just stuff it with enough stuff I
think that might be budget